=head1 NAME
                                          
svncterm - Simple VNC Terminal Emulator

=head1 SYNOPSIS

svncterm [VNCOPTS] [-c command [ARGS]] 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Executes <command> redirecting stdin from a vncviewer and stdout & stderr 
to the VNC clients. Implements a 'xterm' compatible terminal.

=head1 SEE ALSO

       x11vnc(1), vncterm (https://github.com/proxmox/vncterm)

=head1 AUTHOR

Carlos de Alfonso <caralla@upv.es>

Simplifications from the original vncterm, to remove tls requirements thus
enabling the usage of non-patched versions of libvncserver and others.

Dietmar Maurer <dietmar@proxmox.com>

Many thanks to Proxmox Server Solutions (www.proxmox.com) for sponsoring 
this work.

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND DISCLAIMER

Copyright (C) 2016 Universitat Politecnica de Valencia
* Removing the usage of TLS and the need of patched versions of libraries

Copyright (C) 2007 Proxmox Server Solutions GmbH

Copyright: svncterm is under GNU GPL, the GNU General Public License.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
